[DOCS-4363] add info about serverless ASM (#15913)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/how-appsec-works.md

## Identify services exposed to application attacks

Datadog ASM uses the information APM is already collecting, and flags traces containing attack attempts. Services exposed to application attacks are highlighted directly in the security views embedded in APM ([Service Catalog][1], [Service Page][2], [Traces][3]).

Because APM collects a sample of your application traffic, enabling ASM in the tracing library is necessary to effectively monitor and protect your services.

## Compatibility

For Datadog ASM to be compatible with your Datadog configuration, you must have APM enabled, and [send traces to Datadog][4]. ASM uses the same libraries used by APM, so you don't need to deploy and maintain another library. Steps to enable Datadog ASM are specific to runtime language. Check to see if your language is supported in the [ASM prerequisites][5].

### Serverless monitoring

> <div class="alert alert-info">Serverless threat monitoring is in private beta. Request to join the early preview with <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScB3uSccf9lSAh7GcA8NZ8SsmUGQ5mi09DnDgZmqXcbiYfMzA/viewform">this form</a>.</div>

Author: This link is not resolving to a form right now. Expected?

Reviewer: It should be working, I just checked and it resolved for me.

Author: Oop, me too, maybe it was just the Google outage.

 
Datadog ASM supports functions deployed on AWS Lambda. Detection is done by using the [Lambda extension][6]. 

> Full threat monitoring capabilities are available for Lambda functions. You can detect attackers targeting your functions, trace their attack flow with deep network and code-level insights, and remediate the threat.

Reviewer: I updated the wording slightly here, how does this sound? 

"Full threat monitoring capabilities are available for Lambda functions. You can detect attackers targeting your functions, trace their attack path with deep code level insights, then finally remediate the threat. "

Author: Fixed the grammar (then is not a conjunction), but otherwise lgtm

> Full threat monitoring capabilities are available for Lambda functions. You can detect attackers targeting your functions, trace their attack flow with deep network and code-level insights, and remediate the threat.

Author: ```suggestion
Full threat monitoring capabilities are available for Lambda functions. You can detect attackers targeting your functions, trace their attack path with deep code-level insights, and then remediate the threat.
```

You can block attackers' IPs that are flagged in ASM Security Signals temporarily or permanently with a single click in the Datadog UI.

> From there, all services already protected by ASM block incoming requests performed by the blocked IP, for the specified duration. All blocked traces are tagged with `security_response.block_ip` and displayed in the [Traces Explorer][14]. Services where ASM is disabled aren't protected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From there, all services already protected by ASM block incoming requests performed by the blocked IP, for the specified duration. All blocked traces are tagged with `security_response.block_ip` and displayed in the [Trace Explorer][14]. Services where ASM is disabled aren't protected.
```
